Special thanks. Look at this. Behind, I'm looking to our beautiful Stupa that we really we've
completed
this time. Can you believe or not? It's just wonderful. We never thought it's going to complete
this year. This is, of course, we required this this project and covered this three years ago
in Indonesia and met such a big effort to communicate with them and covering this.
Then it came finally last year in October. We thought we're going to install this year
that this year this Stupas. But however, due to all the situations, that plan is completely changed
.
But suddenly in this August, August or in September, actually, sorry, September,
really we had great surprising news. Our dear Sangha member, John Jonas, partner, who really came
up
and with beautiful assistance and he's willing to help and to install this. So then we're able to
install this and in a within at this that is just really so wonderful. All our Sangha members,
in particular local residents, Sangha members come up so joyfully, courageously, committed
almost a day and a night. This is our preparing. Since we heard the news, since September,
that really we're going to install this. And then all this, they came and they were able to do this
.
So I'd just like to really thank you so much for all your support and help. For so many years,
we are really so thankful because of your support and help and generously, we're able to put this
up,
this, this beautiful pipe Stupas. And together with you all sent so many
beautiful, the precious, precious metals and stones and herbs in the medicine and one after another
.
So I'm so really delighted and so grateful for your, what you're generous and put this
port to all these Stupas. So all is in this Stupas. This Stupas, there's five Stupas and the center
one
is 22 feet height and we symbolize enlightenment activity. And then part of the Stupas,
which is like birth of the symbolize the birth of the Buddha Shakyamuni, as well as his training,
the veil of dharma and as well as then extending his lives and entering Mahabharata in Nirvana,
all together there is pipe Stupas. And so I'm so thankful, so grateful. We dedicated this for world
peace and peace and harmony and as this country and as well as other countries and your
participation,
your contribution, your supporters is standing right in the middle, middle of the famous summit
and it's supposed to going to stay for eons or one thousand years. That said, they said that
really, so I'm so thankful. It is really very big project and also a big region and a big
significant meaning and I'm so happy and so thankful for your all help and supporters.
Thank you. I'm sending this message and thank you this from the family. It is also a beautiful time
of the year. It is autumn and the leaves are so beautiful. It's spectacular leaves.
It is just really like wonderland of the autumns right in here and thank you again.
wish you all the best. Thank you.